It is very important to understand the
difference between the two approaches
of marketing that is outbound marketing
and inbound marketing.
Start with outbound.
It is the traditional approach,
it is the approach in which we do
what we do is to impact the target
audience by means of advertising,
advertising we pay, regardless
of whether that advertising appears
in a media or is an advertisement
in a social network or you
send an email, it doesn’
t matter, but it is advertising
that you send.
Inbound marketing is the opposite
approach.
Instead of us going to the customer,
the customer comes to us.
How is?
In different ways.
Imagine that you have interesting
content in a news or that you have
a newsletter or, for example,
that you are well positioned
in a search engine.
Well, in all those cases, as you
see, it is different because it
is the customer who, based on
a content that interests him or a
search in a search engine, etc., freely
decides to go to your website.
The customer goes for you.
Outbound marketing is said to be
push marketing and inbound is
pull, which is quite representative.
One important point to keep
in mind is that in the case
of outbound marketing, the traffic
we are attracting to our
website or app facilities
is paid.
It cost us directly.
We paid directly for bringing
that person.
In the case of the Inbound, this is not the case.
This is called organic
traffic.
There is traffic that is paid and there
is traffic that is organic.
Inbound marketing has costs, obviously,
because you have to generate
all that content, have a
channel through which to
publish it, etc.
But you’re not paying
directly for each of those visits.
That is the difference.
What are the keys?
In outbound marketing,
you know the key.
First, you have to have money
and secondly what you have to
do is optimize messages,
channels, etc.
In the case of the Inbound is different.
The key is not that.
The key is that you are able to
generate very attractive content,
to create a lot of value, to generate
relationships, that is, to generate
interaction with potential
customers, etc.
If you do this well, a lot of people will
end up on your website.
More differences between the two approaches
should be taken into account.
In the case of outbound marketing, the
advantage is that it is more short-
term and depends on investment.
That is, if you have money and
you want to grow quickly, what
we do is hire campaigns and
reach more people and grow.
In the case of the Inbound, the
disadvantage is that it is not so.
It is not so short-term.
This is a medium-term strategy.
This is a more uncertain strategy.
You can be spending resources to generate
what we will have.
However, it is true that inbound
marketing, in the end, if
we manage to do it well, has
huge advantages over outbound.
To begin with, the long-term cost
will be lower because you are not
paying directly for that traffic.
Moreover, and very importantly,
the conversion ratio of visits
is higher.
This is ultra-proven.
It is also common sense.
It is much higher the ratio of a visit
whose origin is, for example,
that you are looking for in a search
engine or that you are subscribed to
your newsletter and like the
content you share or that you have
read a news about you in a medium
and interest you and go to your
website.
The conversion rate of those
visits is much higher than
the people we are impacting
through advertising.
In many cases, you can attract that
advertising, but it’s just a banner
you’ve read that you hardly know
what the proposal is, etc.
Therefore, the advantages of Inbound
are that, in addition to generating
more customer value, it is more
sustainable in terms of costs in the
medium term and, in addition, the conversion
ratio of visits is higher.
Therefore, if we are able, it
is always recommended
to develop a strategy, to
encourage inbound marketing
strategies.